Rails Interview
This project should take approximately 2 to 5 hours to complete and help PrizePicks assess your Rails knowledge and development style. If you find the project takes longer than that please submit a functional version of what you have. We're interested in assessing a functioning project even if all of the business requirements are not implemented.
  
Business Requirements
It's 1993 and you're the lead software developer for the new Jurassic Park. Park operations needs a system to keep track of the different cages around the park and the different dinosaurs in each one. You'll need to develop a JSON formatted RESTful API to allow the builders to create new cages, and add dinosaurs to the cages. It will also allow doctors and scientists the ability to edit/retrieve the statuses of dinosaurs and cages.

X Each dinosaur must have a name.
X Each dinosaur must have a species (See enumerated list below, feel free to add others).
X Each dinosaur is considered an herbivore or a carnivore, depending on its species.
X Cages must have a maximum capacity for how many dinosaurs it can hold.
X Cages know how many dinosaurs are contained.
X Cages have a power status of ACTIVE or DOWN.
X Cages cannot be powered off if they contain dinosaurs.
X Dinosaurs cannot be moved into a cage that is powered down.
X Herbivores cannot be in the same cage as carnivores.
X Carnivores can only be in a cage with other dinosaurs of the same species.
X Must be able to query a listing of dinosaurs in a specific cage.
X When querying dinosaurs or cages they should be filterable on their attributes (Cages on their power status and dinosaurs on species).
• All requests should be respond with the correct HTTP status codes and a response, if necessary, representing either the success or error conditions.

Sample Dinosaurs:

Carnivores:
Tyrannosaurus
Velociraptor
Spinosaurus
Megalosaurus

Herbivores:
Brachiosaurus
Stegosaurus
Ankylosaurus
Triceratops

Technical Requirements
• This should be done with Rails or Rails-API only. Please do not do this test in anything else (Sinatra, Grape).
• Work should be done using version control, preferably git. We would like to see how you use version control.
• You can assume only one instance of this application will run on a single threaded webserver.
• The project should have automated tests that ensure the business logic implemented is correct.
• The project should include a readme that addresses anything you may not have completed. It should also address what additional changes you might need to make if the application were intended to run in a concurrent environment. Any other comments or thoughts about the project are also welcome.

Submission Requirements
A link to a hosted git repository or tarball of the git repository of the finished project. Please email the link or tarball to jay@performancepredictions.com